3rd set of JS active learning updates (#40272)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/scripting/dom_scripting/index.md

> [!NOTE]
> You can find our [finished version of the dom-example.html](https://github.com/mdn/learning-area/blob/main/javascript/apis/document-manipulation/dom-example-manipulated.html) demo on GitHub ([see it live also](https://mdn.github.io/learning-area/javascript/apis/document-manipulation/dom-example-manipulated.html)).

## Creating a dynamic shopping list

> In this exercise we want to make a simple shopping list example that allows you to dynamically add items to the list using a form input and button. When you add an item to the input and press the button:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this exercise we want to make a dynamic shopping list example that allows you to add items using a form input and button. When you add an item to the input and press the button:
```

- The item should appear in the list.

> - Each item should be given a button that can be pressed to delete that item off the list.

Reviewer: I feel like the screenshot is a good opportunity to show the result as a live sample with hidden code blocks, then the reader can spoiler in the playground? What do you think?

Author: This is a nice idea; updated.
